docs: add undeclaration on drop documentation for Rust (#62)
atolab/zenoh-web: content/docs/migration_1.0/Rust.md

subscriber_task.await.unwrap()
```

## Callbacks run in background until session is closed

> Session entities, e.g. subscribers, declared with callbacks are no more undeclared when they are dropped; there is no more need to keep a variable around when the intent is to have it run until the session is closed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Session entities, e.g. subscribers, declared with callbacks are no longer undeclared when they are dropped; there is no longer need to keep a reference to an entity when the intent is to have it run until the session is closed.
```

```rust

> let session = zenoh::open(zenoh::config::peer()).await. unwrap();

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
let session = zenoh::open(zenoh::config::default()).await.unwrap();
```

session
    .declare_subscriber("key/ expression")
    .callback(|sample| { println!("Received: {} {:?}", sample. key_expr(), sample. payload()) })
    .await
    .unwrap();
// subscriber run in background until the session is closed
// no need to keep a variable around
```

If you still want the entity to be undeclared when dropped, you can simply use `with` instead of `callback`; it may just require you to annotate the callback, as type inference is not as good as with `callback` method.

```rust

> let session = zenoh::open(zenoh::config::peer()).await. unwrap();

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
let session = zenoh::open(zenoh::config::default()).await.unwrap();
```
